[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart, I hope you're spending the
weekend very comfortable with your family
or with your friends and having a
great time. I was here searching for content and I
came across this tweet which well includes
a video and this is incredible it was
found by this user called
emperador verde who you already know that on
other occasions he mentions them on the channel
because he makes compilations and you find
very nice and very juicy things like for
example this one that we're going to comment on okay it's
about an old video from when
María Patiño belonged to Antena 3 and you're going to
enjoy it and you're going to have a good laugh
with the blunder she made in the middle of the live show
okay and the cut that
Gema López gave her pay attention to
some news that could be important
so I'm going to ask you please pay attention
and confirm if this news with
the child we're going to see why it's
important if here we have an old
María Patiño who well is quite
changed physically let's not remember that she's had
a lot of touch-ups which is not
wrong with everyone
doing it and well  because he can or wants to, he
does it and there's no problem with
this, it's not a criticism, we
can simply notice that it's an old video, it
could be
approximately
15, between 15 and 20 years old, between 15 and 20 years old it will
be, it can be confirmed or it cannot be
confirmed, at this time of night, which
is 11:38, I have
spoken with two totally
different sources, one is Carlos
Sánchez
Fernández's family.
I believe that the source that he
ended up speaking to was in
Cibeles and the other in Neptuno, but anyway,
let's
confirm,
my goodness, my goodness, the
professionalism of a
police press has said that the rumor has
reached them, but in a way, they can neither
confirm nor deny
that he has noticed in the possible that they have
some, what do you have to do is have a
post-it, which is what you
have to write down
the moment of María with the phone,
calm down,
if not, it wasn't,
wait, wait, she called you,
hahaha, this was a very good program
that was playing, they left the chat but
this was a program  very good that
was on las exta water of the
best that las exta have done I
tell you it's rare that I like a
program on las exta well this program
was very good I would play it during the afternoon
at coffee time okay and I love
this presenter I love him I like him
very likeable there are times when he is
better and other times when he is worse but well I
love her and they laughed a lot at the
gossip programs he laughed a lot at
these people from salsa rosa well with Jorge he
had a brutal battle will you remember
people that people who had watched
television all their lives will remember these
things at that speed it is impossible to have
a conversation
with certainty if we announced before
the possibility that Carlos Fernando
was detained now we can confirm
the last arrest of the
Malaysian operation and it is that Carlos Sonando has been
detained by Interpol we are talking about the
Malaysian case well I gave myself almost 20
years not finally
by Inter by Interpol and now my
exclusive za and live shame
shame that the channel that
same night that same night  The
police confirmed that Carlos Fernández had
not been arrested.
Imagine that Martin and stating with such
certainty that he had written it in the
granary 2
[Laughter]
When she found out that he hadn't
been arrested, she remained silent for a
minute. We spoke to them for a little more than two minutes
about the possible arrest of Carlos
Fernández. It's
necessary to clarify something that he had not been
arrested by Interpol. And well, at
this moment we have been able to speak with
police sources who categorically deny it.
It's very good, well,
nothing, as happens very often in
precision, there is bay matter,
Valeri, here, court, family, whoever
complained, will that be? Well, nothing. By the way,
María Patiño
challenged me. She challenged me. Soon I will tell you
what challenge she gave me,
but it could be that the glove caught her, depending
on how I got up next week.
Okay, maybe she asked him for the glove
as a family. This video was to
give us a laugh, everyone makes
mistakes, it's okay. Don't forget to
comment, of course, as always, with
respect, and we'll see you in the next
news. A big hug.
[Music]